Readme: update screenshots (#62)
GoldHEN/GoldHEN_Cheat_Manager: README.md

# Online Database

> The application also provides direct access to the Online [Cheat](https://github.com/GoldHEN/GoldHEN_Cheat_Repository) and [Patch](https://github.com/GoldHEN/GoldHEN_Patch_Repository) database, the official GoldHEN repository of cheat and custom game patch files for PlayStation 4 games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application also provides direct access to the Online [Cheat](https://github.com/GoldHEN/GoldHEN_Cheat_Repository) and [Patch](https://github.com/GoldHEN/GoldHEN_Patch_Repository) databases, the official GoldHEN repositories of cheats and custom game patches for PlayStation 4 games.
```
